FixTags : definitions of keywords within code comments, TODO: blocks,... which will require some kind of attention past the "0.9" version
of the project

DEBUG:
  code included for debugging. May or may not be desirable to leave in for future work

TEST:
  code included for testing a sub-feature. Mostly tagged for removal
  
EXPERIMENTAL:
	temp code for trying something out. probably is violating OOPisms, or is unsafe. 
	it will either be removed or turned into real implementation

OOP-S:
	functionally correct code that violates some OOP design paradigm or would be better if it was moved in the class hiearchy
	 	
ASSUMPTION:
  	lists an assumption about preconditions, conventions, etc., that may not be clear from the code. 

DFISH-FC-ASSUMPTION:
 	assumptions specific to how the launcher will behave in FC of dfish
 	
PIXEL-ALIGN:
  flags potential alignment/rounding problems between pixel (screen) space and logical (scene) space.
  pixel space is in whole numbers (ints) whereas logical space is in floats (reals)
  Consistency needs to be used throughout to avoid rounding and truncating errors that will result in 
  rendering "gaps" between elements, elements being too small, etc (usually by 1 or 2 pixels)
   
SLOW:
	In the interests of complete functionality before optimization, the code marked this way may be suboptimal, either subtly
	or blatantly obviously. In fact, it may be unacceptably slow for general use.
	
INCOMPLETE: , IMPLEMENT: , UNIMPLEMENTED:
	This means the code is missing handling of all possible cases; it could be it only implements the cases that are currently
	used/valid, just to get things working.
	
BROKEN: (self explanatory)

CUSTOMIZE:
	hardcoded or arbitrarily defaulted, but intended to be a setting in a conf file, or a saved setting, or any other type of 
	user modifiable property

LOCALIZE:
	hardcoded string that shouldn't be, due to localization reqs.

PMO-MANAGE:
	pixmapobjects were intended to be grouped,pooled, and not usually owned by the graphics items that use them as pixmaps
	but the system for this isn't in place yet. thus, this tag usually marks places where a Pmo is explicitly delete-d,
	is implicitly taken/p0wned, or otherwise compromised in a way that could upset something that thinks its managing it

ICON-MANAGE:
	similar to PMO-MANAGE, but for icons and the icon heap.
MEMLEAK:
	alias for PMO-MANAGE and ICON-MANAGE, and for other places unrelated to them that are flagged as potential or confirmed leaks 
	waiting to be fixed
	
MULTI-TOUCH:
	possible issues when the general assumption that there can only be 1 valid touch point, no longer holds.
	This also marks the places where modifications can/should be made to add some good features that can only be realized w/ M.T.

LAUNCHER-REF:
	placeholder for specific launcher object references
	
MAJOR-MOD-WARNING:
	something that makes a significant assumption, and if a major revamp of the code is done, these tags should
	be examined carefully to see if the code is still valid
	
FANCY-FU:
	suggestions on how to make things prettier, add some wow, etc.
	
BUG-MARKER:
	a known bug, marked to be impl'd later

PAST-CRASH:
	a crash was seen here; comments about it follow (for future ref and/or later debugging)

UPDATE-PAINT-WORKAROUND:
	aka the Pseudo-Item-Update problem. See PaintingItems